Icons Library in Styleguide (#318)
orbiting/styleguide: src/components/Icons/docs.md

## IconContextProvider

> The styleguide exports IconContextProvider, which can be wrapped around an app to provide global CSS for Icons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The styleguide exports `IconContextProvider`, which can be wrapped around an app to provide default props, like inline styles, for icons.
```

```code|lang-js
import {
  IconContextProvider
} from '@project-r/styleguide/icons'
```

> Add a root icon context provider, e.g. in your frame component. Possible props are: `color`, `size`, `className`, `style`, `attr`, `title` :
> 
> ```react
> <IconContextProvider value={{ color: "blue", size: "4em", style: {transform: 'rotateZ(45deg)'} }}>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We assume a context providing `{ style: { verticalAlign: 'middle' }}` is wrapped around the app or frame where the style guide is used for icons to align nicely. For additional options see the [`@react-icons/all-files` readme](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@react-icons/all-files#configuration).

```react
<IconContextProvider value={{ style: { verticalAlign: 'middle' } }}>
```
